Update first-web-api.md (#17215)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/first-web-api.md

* Marks the class with the [`[ApiController]`](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.mvc.apicontrollerattribute) attribute. This attribute indicates that the controller responds to web API requests. For information about specific behaviors that the attribute enables, see <xref:web-api/index>.
* Uses DI to inject the database context (`TodoContext`) into the controller. The database context is used in each of the [CRUD](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Create,_read,_update_and_delete) methods in the controller.

> The ASP.NET Core templates for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ASP.NET Core scaffolded item templates for:
```

* Controllers with views include `[action]` in the route template.
* API controllers don't include `[action]` in the route template.

> When `[action]` isn't in the route template, the [action](#action) name is not in the route. That is, the method name isn't used in the matching route.

Reviewer: Suggestion to avoid the double negative and to further clarify in the 2nd sentence:

```suggestion
When the `[action]` token isn't in the route template, the [action](#action) name is excluded from the route. That is, the action's associated method name isn't used in the matching route.
```
